fix(clerk-js): Update `createFlexGapPropertyIosCompat` user agent regex check (#4034)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/nine-spies-own.md

---
"@clerk/clerk-js": patch
---

> Fixes issue where `createFlexGapPropertyIosCompat` was incorrectly detecting a chrome browser agent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes issue where `createFlexGapPropertyIosCompat` was incorrectly detecting a modern Chrome for iOS user agent.
```
